# SNHU-CS-230-Operating-Platforms
The client, The Gaming Room, hired our company to design a multi-platform web-based game for their current game, “Draw It or Lose It”. The game, “Draw It or Lose It”, is currently only Android based. The client requested for the game application to be expanded to multiple platforms like Windows, Linux, MacOS, and iOS. When developing the software design document, I feel that I understood the needs of the client and did everything I could to meet those needs. I designed a UML diagram to help visualize the design of the game application, and included a detailed description of the diagram in non-technical language for the client. This software design document was extremely useful when developing the code for the game application. It made it easier to build the classes and functions, and it made it easier to ensure the needs of the client were met. The only part of this software design document that I would revise would be the "Evaluation" section. Even though I provided a detailed overview of each operating system, I feel that I could have inlcuded even more information. I made sure to list all the needs provided by the client. Then I ensured that I included all the needs of the client in the software design document, like bolstering security through the use of cloud-based storage systems. I made several recommendations to the client that address each of the needs the client provided, like suggesting using Unreal Engine for development since Unreal Engine is a cross-platform development tool that works across multiple different platforms. The technique that I used was to progress through each stage of the software design document one at a time, ensuring that all needs of the client were met before moving on to the next stage. 
